Please exercise for a few days. Just like what happened?
Just like what happened?
Usually when I am in my fifth term, I invite my old classmates to
I'll find a chance to say goodbye.
Let me understand, it’s me, I am Wanyue,
This month, I really found you.
Long time no see, what have we been busy with lately?
I'm not busy. Why are you looking for me with more than three thousand dollars?
That's right, I have a chance to meet my classmates tonight,
Don't you think you can come over?
Forget it, I have something else to do.
How do I feel about this opportunity? If you don’t come,
Isn't that a little too disrespectful of you?
I'll send you the address, come over, that's it.
Do you want to find someone to review multiple times?
It's okay. They're all old classmates.
That piece is the last part
That's how they are
Call the police. Come on, the defoaming guy.